Create ui-c8y-1019-8-2-fix-added-bookmarks-should-show-page-title-label-not-default-value.md (#1805)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-8-2-fix-added-bookmarks-should-show-page-title-label-not-default-value.md

---
date: ""

> title: fix: Added Bookmarks should show page title label not default value (#5775) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5832)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Bookmarks now show page title as label instead of default value
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57950
version: 1019.8.2
---

> fix: Added Bookmarks should show page title label not default value (#5775) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5832)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The bookmarks feature has been updated to display the page title as the bookmark label instead of a default value. This provides more context for users when viewing their bookmarks list.
```
